
Installing or upgrading your web2project is quite simple. The definitive copy
of this guide is online at http://wiki.web2project.net/index.php?title=Installation
but this file should help if you don't have that available.

Requirements:

*  PHP 5.2.x - web2project does not work with PHP4 due to its use of the
public, private, and protected keywords;

*  Apache 1.x+ - web2project might work with other web servers, it has not 
been tested completely;

*  Mysql 5.x+ - web2project does not currently work with other databases;

0.  Uncompress your web2project archive (often named web2project.tar.gz or 
web2project.zip) and upload it to a web-accessible directory on your web 
server.  This will be your web2project installation.

1.  Create a mysql database and a user with full access to the database.  
Write these credentials down.  If you are converting from dotProject, copy 
the includes/config.php file from your dotProject installation into your 
web2project/includes/ folder.  The conversion process will retrieve and use 
these credentials as necessary.

2.  Point your browser to your web2project installation.  The install script 
should determine whether you are doing a fresh install, updating an existing 
installation, or even converting from dotProject.

3.  
a.  If you're installing a new system, you'll need the credentials from Step 1.
b.  If you're upgrading an existing system, the system handles everything.
c.  If you're converting from dotProject, the system handles the conversion.

4.  After the script is complete, review the error messages.  You may have to 
manually create your config.php file from the information displayed.

5.  To have your system run maintenance tasks - email notices, etc - set up 
a "cronjob" along the lines of:

	wget -O - -q http://{web2project installation}/queuescanner.php

Where "{web2project installation}" is replaced by your system's path.  This 
is a Linux/Unix-style example, for other operation systems, adjust accordingly.

6.  Log into your system.