web2Project is an Open Source system for online project management.  It is 
based on an AMP-stack which means it is designed to run on Apache, MySQL, 
and PHP.

The best part is that it's free software.  That means you can use it, 
extend it, customize it, delete it, change the colors of things, and even 
break it... all for free.  We won't (and can't) demand payment, but that 
also means you can't demand help.  Well, you can but then you look like a 
jerk and no one wants that.

That said, we're always looking for feedback.  If you have suggestions on 
how to make the system better or questions on how it should work, we 
provide places for that.

http://sourceforge.net/projects/web2project is our Sourceforge page.  The 
code is always available here.

http://www.web2project.net/ is our homepage.  This is where the latest and 
greatest news will always be.  This is also where we keep most of the links 
to everything else.

http://docs.web2project.net/ is our documentation wiki.  We always try to 
keep the most up to date documentation here.  Sometimes it's not always the 
best, but that's the joy of a wiki.  You're welcome to help make things better.

http://forums.web2project.net/ are our support forums.  Whenever you have a 
question not addressed by the documentation, this is the first place to go.  
It's not acceptable to private message someone without their permission.  
Although the core development team is smart, our community is even smarter 
and it's possible - if not likely - that someone has found and solved your 
problem before.  Remember that polite requests always go farther than terse 
commands.

http://bugs.web2project.net/ is where we collect and track bug reports.  No 
software is perfect and nothing always behaves exactly as you expect 100% of 
the time.  If you find something that doesn't work as expected or is broken, 
file a report here.  Remember, the more specific you are, the easier it is for 
others to reproduce and eventually fix it.

web2Project is released under GPL v2.

Parts of web2Project include libraries from other projects which are used and 
re-released under their original licence(s).



Installing/Upgrading:

The quick way:  Read the INSTALLATION file